# radio3 (npm Version)

A programming package to include decentralized large communication protocols. ***radio3*** allows event hosts to send announcements/SOS calls 
to their participants with ease. 

Powered by an elementary ***Proof-of-Account***, ***radio3*** verifies participants given an event ensuring security and easy event monitoring.

### Installation and use

***Prerequisite:***

If you haven't already, install the [Squarespace Local Development Server](http://developers.squarespace.com/local-development). Then...

Initialize npm directory:

```
npm init 

```

Install npm package:

```
npm install radio3
```

Global Installation npm pacakge:

```
npm install -g radio3
```

### Dependencies

***radio3*** runs on three libraries at the moment: `node-fetch`, `@epnsproject/backend-sdk-staging`, `dotenv`, `web3`. 

Currently, `node-fetch` is running on version *2.6.6* despite having recently published a new version *@3.7.8*. This is due to the new version not being a module, and thus, not being compatiable for ES6. 

The `@epnsproject/backend-sdk-staging` is currently an EPNS library for staging. This is currently used for beta purposes as it is compatible with the Ethereum Test Network *Kovan*. However, in the future *radio3* will be switching to the production library that will require users to need use mainnet `eth`, (***a seperate library will be published for product cases***)


### radio3 reference


#### npm run build

Cleans the build folder, copies squarespace files (jsont, less, assets folder content) into the build folder, runs webpack to build the template javascript.

#### npm run watch

Runs build, then watches the source folder for changes to squarespace files and javascript, automatically updating the built template for each change.

#### npm start [-- options]

Runs watch, and simultaneously launches sqs-server. By default this runs on localhost:9000. If you want to use another port use the command:

```
npm start -- -p PORT
```

#### npm run deploy [-- options]

Deploys your built template to production using git. If not already configured, initializes a git repo for deployment in your build folder. Note this is separate from your source repository, and will only contain the production built template.

By default your deployment will be commited with just a timestamp message. If you want to provide a custom message use the command:

```
npm run deploy -- -m "your message"
```

### Project Structure

    /base-template-npm
    |--- assets/
    |--- blocks/
    |--- build/             <-- generated by the build script, ignored by this repo
    |--- collections/
    |--- node_modules/      <-- generated by npm install, ignored by this repo
    |--- pages/
    |--- scripts/
    |--- styles/
    |--- site.region
    |--- template.conf
    |--- package.json        <-- defines build commands, template module dependencies
    |--- webpack.config.json <-- webpack build settings

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2016 Squarespace, INC.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.